little by little it is extreme simplicity has made everything to be redone famous
you can
after which there are three stanzas
elec
the respective refrains
apostolic creed - heaven on the digital after the third stanza perfect text
snowshoes keyboards
and then after it goes towards
rt comeee
really very simple
real I'll talk later about how the verse of this refrain works
people who point out something else
because if you try but stupidity yet
even the small things contribute
arpav very well
mortal kombat.
but very little because first because it is another like you
and they were born by chance seismic help and crazy is a warrock with the mythical
This farkie causes them to move around
and the greatness of smoke on the water according to me gustas solo vera swift
that's enough
in ethyl coma
manages to carry out the rift
At bottom
ilife reserve state stupid
unina therefore
thyroid diseases
so special q7 off to pump so much
live everything you need
immediately remember that the point of view is smoke on the water
it has the most difficult parts of the bass, its nice text-making step
prof
so much
the guitar and keyboards do exactly the same thing and dark browns on the
perfect record because yes
that there is no mail for you lord of attacks for detachments that's why l
clean water
convenient to copy
the keyboard
and this is why there is a way a cartoon passage I really have to copy
the guitar
those two sounds one above the plateau
and the blow but the labrador pumping for those who created
sin from below
which electronic password inherent in the head
to do the same thing the guitar
I visited bass players on vargas but all bass players
that accompanied me smoke on the water so
2 only return to make a bad end but I understood nothing
the step towards the continuous unlucky suicide of 1500
that is if something
that is in the background
which carries on, we are the battery * trim and on the head to make you
try to do all these
en esto dia tabolo solo smoke on the water you have removed more than 50% la
song
even the battery its importance
which
market of sixteenths on the hi-hat with the beat on
snare
they are a text much more fan fiction hot than accompaniment
exposed to a water life the beauty of this cock succeeds just from this
strange
key by tools
but very rock rock guitar a man who does almost a second guitar
check facts with dachshunds.
he grows the big sis poco the water
and then there's another trick
that is respect
is that
that the song suzanne is held in your head that you are a refrain with the fife
but unfortunately it is not invasive because after he had listened to the beginning
I disappear a little bit to reappear, Rome to remember that the one reported
the song
your incredible gem that I martyr all the music
Christmas lights
he always thinks of the songs with the even numbered parts before he gets out progress
all these things
and I don't know if you noticed the same thing on the water there is a nice odd one
we create a tension that makes. arcore that I have text
who knows how many times you've heard
the song in which the refrain goes out of its way
publisher photo the sims 3
then take them back if he
first tv suspects
and here he says pastry these piss
in fact, when the antonello arrives
dum dum
death
new emule server list would be if instead not suddenly without any
notice.
meda ref
this truncated refrain in a sense
and how a song was made to run
from the top of the little gems that there is in carisbo led